who think that the south will not go away
Yes, on winning I do not want to know you anymore.
concentrating on not admitting to who
bathroom
and then youtube guys today I'm recording the
video here was not even sent today
With my friend Joao, I said that right now
Youtube, we are completely alone.
a race his car here to unisuam
gt r spec vr 35
who leaves the bag I 'm going to see the game
come on
it was
already started the nitin already né in a
street the bagatelle of forró fight
adn khan
leaning on voice
to drop a liter
not
the river bird of the first turn still returned
to enter
the house of ann bate
and the 10 is our bridge that arrives
in this rate
with laps on the first second
First I think it's crazy, did not you?
it's so absurd you're scared
lleyton's first turn of the streets hit
almost cause a white car and comes with
fans
If I'm kidding, I do not know.
out of him he baby
you will bring him entry and train
being the subway I do not know there
selected the back
the boat and was worth the selton the four already
there are some liters 43 days or italy for
Behind there, look very back, it's fit.
where even the currency is clean
although it waits for you
but the return had already won the one that is
discarded the concept of 9 plus a grandmother
how many laps and turns while 39 59
109 is issuing a twn almost hits
hit there
the stay
the pope
yellow flora
the drug Ifá
booty in the middle of it was to ask for help more
I did not come back to have more time to
people get it right now
but I came back to give more time around
in the collective workout then
who carried the goal only has the book the
beautiful shield
now field
betray the mayor but what is in the
agreement plus one lap and cable was already cable
It does not look like it was rained I just
losing here but that's where the people are
thinking that I went first here
first
I got nothing today and I only asked for money.
nothing comes out
I say 100 I won that won a year to
a skill and claw in 2000 little of
money or the lawyer to take
this here was the vidigal in seemed
like whoever wants to download the game there
Who I already knew but it's very easy for me
I make a video while teaching
That's it , then, what's up, people?